

Game Set Up
	Deal 1 lvl 2 Vehicle and 1 lvl 1 Crew card from the Team Deck to each player.
	Shuffle the remaining Team cards and set that aside as the Team Draw.
	Shuffle the Action Deck and deal 5 cards to each player.

Play Area
	Players
		Garage:
			Maximum 3 Vehicles.
			Maximum 5 Crew.
			Maximum 5 Upgrades.
			Maximum 1 Garage Upgrade.
			(Maximums may be overridden by card abilities)
		Race:
			Maximum 1 Vehicle
			Maximum 2 Crew
			Maximum 3 Upgrades
			(Maximums may be overridden by card abilities)
		Hand:	
			Maximum 5 Action cards
			(Maximums may be overridden by card abilities)
	Community
		Team Auction
			Team Draw
			Team Discard
			5 auction cards face up
		Race
			1 start and 1 finish, or 1 lap cards
			Minimum 1 checkpoint card.
			Maximum 5 checkpoint cards.
			(Maximums may be overridden by card abilities)

Team Auction
	Draw 5 cards face up from the Team Draw.
	The first face up Team card drawn is the current Auction.
	Players place 0, 1, or 2 Bid cards face down in front of them.
	Bid cards can be played from the hand or garage.
	Total value of a player's bid cards is that player's bid.
	When all players that are interested in bidding have placed Bid cards, all bids are displayed face up simultaneously.
	The player with the highest bid that equals or exceeds the value of the Auction card wins the Auction card.
	If no bids equal or exceed the value of the Auction card, the Auction card is moved to the Team Discard.
	The winner of the auction discards his bid cards in exchange for the Auction card.
	All other players return their bid cards to their hand/garage.
	The Auction continues with the next available face up Team card.
	Once the last card is auctioned, a new round of Team Auction can begin if needed.
	Number of Auction rounds:
		2-3 players : 1 round
		3-4 players : 2 rounds
		5-6 players : 3 rounds
	If there are not enough cards in the Team Draw pile to support a new auction round, shuffle the Team Discard and place that as the new Team Draw pile.

	Special Auction Cards
		Stop the Bidding (can be Canceled):  The current auction ends immediately and remaining auction cards are discarded.  If bidding was in progress, all bids are returned to the players' hands.
		Continue the Auction (can be Canceled):  Another Auction round is added after the current round completes.
